Zzz...zzz...zzz... *wrrrrrrrr* It is early when you open your eyes. Something has woken you from your sleep, a rumbling. But as you slowly try to get a clear thought it stops.
You see the rays of the two rising suns flashing between your eyelids. Slowly you get up and walk tiredly through the house with your eyes closed in the twilight. "What was that?" you ask yourself.
"!?" you see something flashing on the floor. After you get closer you realize it was a cup that fell on the floor. Astonished, you pick up the broken pieces and ask yourself if this could have had something to do with the strange noise you heard in the morning.
But as quickly as you awoke, you suddenly remembered something. "You have to go right away, you have to hurry. Today is the day!" You say to yourself and a slight uneasiness spreads through you. But first, you have to eat.
*Nonnomnom* "That was good!" you say to yourself inside, "The day can come!". You go outside and see the two suns slowly rising on the horizon, the sea is calm today. "Perfect" you think, "nothing can really go wrong like this".
You walk towards the beach through the village and hear voices getting louder. In the distance you see many people standing on the beach. They seem to have gathered there.
Nervousness rises in you, "Am I ready for this? What if I don't make it? What will you think of me?". As you get closer you see a familiar silhouette rushing towards you, it's [friend's name]!
Joyfully you embrace and a little relief spreads through you. You know everything goes better with two. "We can do this!" you both say almost simultaneously and start laughing. "Hurry up now, they're all waiting."
You walk to the gathering and see the elders of the village and your friends and families standing there. They are all very well dressed, not like you and [friend's name] or the others standing on the shore.
You ask [friend's name], "Did you hear that earlier?". "What? Don't be crazy, we have to concentrate now" replies [friend's name]. You forget the thought and try to focus on what lies ahead of you: the exam!

When you arrive at the shore, you stand next to others your age who are waiting there. The village elder just shakes his head slowly and when the first big wave shakes the sea and hits the surf, he starts talking:
"We have all gathered here on this momentous day...", "I just can't listen to this anymore" says [friend's name] and lightly pokes you in the ribs. You start laughing.... "Quiet!!!" sounds the elder. You stiffen jerkily and follow his speech carefully, "...so it's up to you.
Our hopes and those of our ancestors rest on your shoulders. Go now to your boats, bid farewell to your loved ones, and may the Lord of Suns watch over you!". You feel how there is slowly no turning back, as your parents embrace you a feeling comes over you.
You want to turn back, you don't want that, you are not ready for that! "Don't worry, you can do it. Just like us and your grandparents. That's part of growing up. When you get back there will be your favorite food ;)". You feel calmer and let go of your parents with a tear in your eye.
But before you could say anything else, [friend's name] snaps you out of your thoughts, "Come on now, they're all starting up already!!!" You run to your boat that you have been building for the last few weeks. It's a nice boat, there are two beds, some food and a big white sail.
You even named it [name of the boat]. You slowly push it from the shore into the gently swaying shore water. Everyone takes a paddle and after one last look at your parents, you paddle off, following the others around the surf into the open sea.

You have been drifting through the sea for a while now, the others are no longer to be seen. The wind that keeps the sail taut leads you along an unknown route. But like your parents and grandparents before you, you know that this is the test.
To just drift wherever the wind takes you and when you find it you must return to prove that you are worthy to be accepted into the community as an adult. You wonder why this old boring custom still has to take place and what would happen if you just paddled away,
away from the route the wind had set for you. You look at [friend's name] and see him sleeping in the midday sun. Without thinking twice, you grab the paddle and poke into the gentle waves.

You feel the wind picking up and trying to lead you back to the old path, but you resist, thinking back to the morning when the hum woke you.

And suddenly it was there again *brrrrrrrr* *wrrrrrrrr*. Louder and clearer than it had torn you from sleep. The waves get bigger and bigger and the sky gets darker and darker. At that moment, [friend's name] wakes up looks at you and yells "What are you doing?! We are not allowed to do that!
Don't you know the stories!??" Suddenly you freeze, of course, the stories, how could you forget them. Your grandmother used to tell them to you when you were younger. But before you can think any further about the stories, a huge wave piles up in front of you, blocking out one of the suns.
"Hold on!!!!" you shout, and each of you looks for something to hold on to. Just a moment later, the wave crashes down on you and [name of ship], pulling you into the dark depths.

Everything is black.

*wrrrrrrrr* It is early when you open your eyes. Something has woken you from your sleep, a rumbling. But as you slowly try to get a clear thought it stops. You see the rays of the rising suns flashing between your eyelids. "Wait, is this deja vu? Wait, why is that....".
You open your eyes and see a sun flashing in the blue sky. "Only one sun? Where's the second one? And where am I? Wait, the wave, [name of ship], [name of friend]!!!" You look around and are startled to realize that you are floating on a piece of wood. The sea is calm and there is no one around for miles.
"What happened? Help!!!! [Friend's name]!!!!!" But no answer comes, instead you hear a noise and when you turn around you see an island flashing up. It's not far away so you decide to paddle to it.

When you arrive at the beach, exhausted, you realize that the piece of board you floated on looks quite familiar. You turn it over and immediately recognize it [name of the ship] is written there. At least now you know what happened to the ship. But what about [name of friend]...?
You sit down, look at the sea and start to cry... but not even an hour later you notice how it is slowly getting dark and a cold spreads through you... "I need to make a fire" you stutter as a cold breeze hits you, "at least building a boat has brought an advantage" you smirk as you know how to find dry wood and make a fire.

You stand up, look at the forest behind you, and start walking.
